Support thrift set to go slice generation with go.type annotation (#411)
thriftrw/thriftrw-go: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]

> - Add `(go.type = "slice")` annotation to allow generate thrift `set` type as go `slice` type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sets now support a `(go.type = "slice")` annotation to be generated as
  slices rather than maps.
```
